Imagine if you could use Claude Code 100
times cheaper. In this video, I'm going
to show you exactly how to combine the
Claude Code framework with the brand new
DeepSeek V4. So, you can save thousands
of dollars, build as much as you want
with no rate limitations. And with this
brand new repo, set it up in minutes,
even if you're starting as a complete
beginner. And if you don't know who I
am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and
sold my last tech startup over 60,000
customers. Now, I'm building my own AI
companies. and I share the stuff here
that actually works. So, if you haven't
already, grab that beautiful coffee and
let's dive straight in. So, Claude, for
100 times cheaper, let's go into it. And
by the way, I've also tested this myself
extensively as well. Looked at all the
benchmarks for you. So, I can tell you
what the technical answer is, as well as
my experience and when to use what for
which you're going to find really
helpful. So, let's have a look at what
DeepS v4 is. 1.6 trillion parameters.
Not something you can probably run on
your own computer, put it that way.
million uh context window and it's MIT
open weights which means it's fully
compatible with the clawed code
ecosystem and one of the biggest
benefits of deepseek is its tool calling
ability so all the tool calling we do on
anropic we can now do a deepsee that's
what got me really interested in this
originally as not just another
connection but it's something really
cool so same workflow significantly
cheaper so you look at this claude opus
is $6250
a session and this analogy deepseek v4
can
significantly cheaper. Now, one thing to
call on right now is they've got a promo
on, which makes it even more cheaper
than usual. After May 5th, it's still
significantly cheaper, but less than it
is at the moment for this week, cuz
they're running a special promo. Deep
Seek V4 Flash is even crazily more uh
cheap. Basically 20 cents for 4 hour
session compared to uh 6250 for Cordopus
4.7. All right, cool. So, does it
actually code? This is what got a lot of
people excited about it benchmark. So,
sweet benchmark verified. You can see
that is basically Deep Seek V4. How it
compares to Sonet 4.6, how's uh
basically um Opus 4.7. You got Terminal
Bench and MCP Atlas. I know what you're
thinking, Jack. She looks great on the
Tinder profile, but how does Deep Seek
actually show up when we take it on a
day? What does that actually look like?
Because we don't want just to be a
benchmark queen. We want it to actually
work in practice. But I just say this to
say that it's it's hitting benchmarks
and it's baseline performance is good.
But as always, we've really got to check
out what this physically looks like. So,
I just want to call out one quick thing
here, which is this is the the reason
why this is a better strategy. The
system I'm going to show in this video,
by the way, works if you want to bring
in DeepSeek or if you want to bring in a
completely free model, you can do that.
But one of the big unlocks, even if you
want to go 100% free, which by the way
is an option, is that we have this dual
terminal, which means that we can have a
free model in one window. uh we can have
deepseek in another one and then claude
code in a third which means that if you
wanted to do some work with claude code
and then tag in deepseek to crush it or
tag in a free model we can do all of
this simultaneously using the strategy
that I'm going to show you inside this
video. Now to use deepseek there are two
ways we can do this one is via open
router but I found you get rate limited
so much it's basically unusable so I'm
going to show you a strategy of how we
can use it with no rate limits as much
as you want. So, we want to head here to
platform.dec and create a brand new
account. And if you want to do this
completely for free, I'll also show you
about strategy as well. So, go ahead and
create a brand new account. And here you
want to throw in a couple of dollars.
Could be $2, could be $5. Now, you can
do this for free using open router and a
series of things. It basically cycles
free models, but again, it like you get
rate limited and it's not great. And
free is not free because actually the
quality is less, you get charged more.
On Deep Seek, throw in like $2, $5. You
can start using it. Then on the left
hand side, come over to API keys. go
ahead and copy this API key. Then the
next thing I'm going to do is come over
to this GitHub repo right here. This is
a beautiful little repo. It's trending
quite strongly right now, but the idea
is it helps us use what I call that dual
terminal splitup, which means we can use
the claw code harness with anything that
we want to. So all you do is come on to
code, click on copy, then head over to
your IDE of choice. I'm going to be
using anti-gravity for this one. So
let's pull them up. Okay, wonderful. I
am in anti-gravity. If this sounds like
I'm speaking Spanish, check out this
anti-gravity masterass. I'll take you
from zero to singing anti-gravity in
your sleep. Now, all you're going to do
is come over here and say, "Hey, then
I'd like you to install and clone this
repo." And then what we're going to do
is connect this to DeepSeek directly
with the below API key. Now, the really
cool thing we can do here, okay, is we
can basically either connect to Deepseek
or we can connect to Open Router by
grabbing our Open Routter API key. And
on Open.com, you come over, you
literally can grab your API key from
anywhere here. And the cool thing here
is this obviously enables you to access
any of the models on the entire planet
that you want to. Um, so basically this
applies for anything. And again, this
enables us to use clawed on multiple
different browsers at the same time. So
now it's going to come down and grab
that. What we want to do is grab the API
key from DeepS. Now, as you can see, the
repo is cloned and I can see exactly how
it works. It's a proxy server that
intercepts cloud API which enables us to
have these multi- conversations. Then we
just provide our deepseek API key.
Fantastic. That's now complete. also
then ask it this which is I want you to
create two short codes. One is to run
normally and the other one is to
dangerously skip permissions if you want
to give it the ability to do that but
it's just an option if you want to. You
may not want to be too ham hock with it
with it being a different model but it's
there for you if you want to. So here's
everything we've done. We've installed
it. It's all ready to rock and roll and
we've got all the keys here which is
fantastic. And this just runs through
everything it's got and our API keys are
stored in thev side over there on the
left hand side. Cool. So let's actually
test that it's working now. Uh, so to do
this is click on terminal, click on new
terminal, and now it's up here. We're
just going to type in DS for DeepSeek,
and then Claude should appear, which is
cool. And then just going to search
like, hey, I don't know. Um, who is the
tallest man to ever live? Something like
that. Now, quick, by the way, if you ask
this model, who is it? They will
basically tell you it is Claude Sonnet
4.6. That's because they're reading the
data that sits in it. That's not the
actual model. So now we basically fully
connected to DeepSeek. What we could now
do if we wanted to, if I open up a brand
new terminal, I can then just use Claude
and now I'm actually now using Claude in
this terminal. So I can say, "Hey, now
this is Claude code. This here is
DeepSeek." How cool is that? So let's
call this one over here to Deepseek. And
of course, we want to just make sure
we're doing here. Could you just confirm
that we're using DeepSeek V4, please?
Wonderful. So it looks like we were
using the Flash model. And when I said
just use basically this version, it did
it. This is how cool this is. It will
just update that for us over here. And
by the way, if you're brand new to CL
code, I should also call out by the way
that I've got a full course in the
community coming that covers everything
from foundation setup, building
websites, power features, memory
systems, clawbar apps, build anything,
design systems, how you monetize it.
It's releasing this month. So if you
want to go deep, I just want to call
that out right now because you might
find that uh helpful and building cool
stuff like this. So we've got Deepseek.
Now the interesting thing here is one of
the biggest abilities here is its actual
ability here to use skills. So let's put
it to test very quickly. So, I want to
use my bit.ly skill, which makes me
shorten a URL. So, let's come down here
and actually try that. So, I'll say,
"Hey, I would like you to shorten this
URL using my bit.ly skill." All right,
let's come down here and do glido.com.
All right, which is actually what I'm
using to speak type right now, which is
really cool. So, let's see if it works
perfectly cuz it's always been my
biggest complaint with these things is
that they don't actually use skills very
well. And if you're using Claude Code,
it's only really as good as its ability
to effectively use skills. I'm yapping.
This is too busy just building. It's
just building in the background. So,
let's open this up and see what it does.
Cool. Yeah, we open that. That's fine.
And just like that. Now, we're on here.
Stop. Stop talking. Start typing if I
didn't say so myself. Freaking awesome.
So, we validated this works. And we've
also validated that you can now use your
skills. And addition to that, we can
also use cla code exactly at the same
time. Beautiful. So, let's put Deep Seek
to the test. But to do that, you need to
understand when to use it and when not
to use it. So, think about it like this.
And this is great just generally to know
this. Okay? If you're building anything
creative right now, the best model on
the planet for that is Claude. It is, if
you like, the design king. We put a king
hat on him. If you're doing automations,
quick scripts, anything algorithmic
problems, unit tests, any that's kind of
like dirty work behind the scenes that
isn't visual or design related, we can
bring in the giant well for that. Bring
in Mr. Deepseeker himself. Obviously,
UIUX polish, we can use Claude.
Multifile refactors, documentation, blah
blah blah, we can use Claude. and then
code review and audits. We can also tag
in codec. So to do this, what we're
going to do is build a website together
and we're going to do the initial design
and claw and then we're going to use
deepseat to do a lot of the heavy
lifting in the background. So to do
that, I want you to do two very quick
things. First one is head over to this
group here which is awesome designer MD.
This is really cool because effectively
what this does is grabs a design
identity from a a gazillion and that is
the correct term for this different um
like websites and stuff. So this is BMWs
for instance. So these are all the
design systems of BMW. So if you want a
BMW looking website that looks like BMW,
you would come on to this website. If
you want Apple, then you'd come on to
Apple and so on and so on. You get the
complete idea. So first step is come on
this uh GitHub repo here. We're going to
click on code and then go straight back
over to anti-gravity. And then we come
back over to anti-gravity and click on
this claude here. And effectively what
I'm going to do here and actually since
it's a GitHub install, I can just use
DeepSeek for this. I'm like, hey there
dude, I'd like to go ahead and install
this GitHub repo here, please. All
right, come over and then just paste
that one in there. Now, there's some
questions about Jack. Is this going to
China? What about the censorship, Jack?
What about Tanaman Square? What if I
want to talk about Tanaman Square? Well,
if you want to talk about that, um,
don't use Deep Seek. But otherwise,
yeah, it's fine. I mean, like obviously
all these models like sense it in some
shape or form. So, do be aware of that.
One legit call out though is that if you
do not want to paste naked URLs, API
keys into DeepSync, that is a big big
big no no. So, never do that. Don't post
that in this chat here is like sacred.
So, don't post anything in here that you
wouldn't be okay with popping up on
internet. Um, that's a general good rule
to do with any model, but DeepSeek
especially, just don't do that. So, this
has come back and said, do you want to
do that? I'll say yes, clone it, please.
Which is cool. And get it to clone that
repo. So, that's going to be fantastic.
Cool. So, that's all complete. And
again, that was quick. This is the cool
thing about using it directly in
DeepSeek is I'm not having to wait six
business days for this thing to arrive.
Like, it's just there straight away. So
now we've validated and got that done.
Let's come over to Claude here and give
it a prompt. I'm going to say, "Hey
there, using the design repo awesome
designs of the left hand side, I want
you to use the Apple design framework to
build me a beautiful website about
coffee." Okay. And then what I also want
you to do is lean on and leverage
certain design components from this
GitHub repo right here. All right. I'm
going to paste that one there. And then
what we're going to do is come over to a
secondary repo. And on this one, what
you're going to do, again, this has got
over 100,000 stars. Look at these. It
just gives it some really beautiful and
interactive components. And then once we
copy it, we're going to come back over
here and just send it this one here. And
then I'm going to say, and I'd love to
have a calculator that shows people how
much productivity they get from drinking
coffee. Have that as like the second
thing on the website, please. Cool. So,
we're going to give it a general idea
and we're going to send that off. So,
again, Claude's doing the design work,
but when it comes to all the other heavy
lifting, we're just going to tag in
DeepSeek. Now, you could, if you wanted
to, just get Deepseek to do this itself.
And in fact, I could even show you that.
But when I did it, what I basically
found is that it just lacked creative
imagination, which means we're going to
keep it away from anything visual, tag
in Claude. Anything that's not visual,
we bring in DeepSeek. And once you've
built the app, you'll find that so much
of it is actually just the backend stuff
anyway. And another little hack with
websites, if you find a website that
just has a design style that you think
is gorgeous that you want to kind of
lean on for your designs, you can copy
that URL, head over to basically just
Google HTML website extractor. You head
over to this website right here. You
literally drop it in like so. Click on
view source. Then you'll get the source
code for the website. You literally
click on download and then save to your
laptop. Then you can pretty much feed
that to the model and lean on some HTML
for inspiration. So I've built a couple
of options for this. This is one very
kind of Appleesque style which is pretty
cool. Come down. you can see from a
single batch of kitchen. Again, one idea
of a website we could use if we like the
look of it. Another one is what I call
homeline the coffee. So, I just got this
cool thing that I generated with AI. And
again, you come down. This one's really
fresh. You get the idea using some good
inspiration HTML. This is quite crisp
and quite nice. It's got a really
beautiful feel and vibe to it. So,
Homelander coffee, something the boys
can definitely trust. So, what we're
going to do now we got a basic design is
get DeepS to basically supercharge it.
So to do that, we're going to come over
to anti-gravity. And what we're going to
do very quickly at the bottom of this is
we're just going to clear the window
like so. Get rid of all the context. And
then just give it a prompt and say,
"Hey, what I'd like to do on this
website is add a sophisticated ROI
calculator that basically drives
multiple variables. One is going to be
amount of caffeine it's conf basically
consumed and productivity. Make it as
sophisticated and as intelligent as
humanly possible." Really cool. And then
I'm just going to grab the URL for this
so it knows what I'm talking about. Come
back over and then drop that one off
right there and let DeepSeek do its
beautiful work in the background. Now
guys, check this out. Now, I'll be
honest, this is surprising to me. It's
actually managed, if you look at this,
to capture the exact HTML style. This is
a cool thing. Deepsee by itself, if I
asked it to do this, would struggle.
It'd probably be in crayons in the
corner thinking about things. But
because I've got an existing brand
guidelines and style, it's just
replicated. So, I've got daily cups.
Let's have a look and look at this. How
where am I at on this? Where's Jack
Roberts at? Jack probably sits here.
Okay, I'm five cups of coffee. I want to
have the whole bean. Awesome. My hourly
rate is Let's just put it all up here.
It's 250. It's a bit above that, but
hours work a day. Uh let's put that at
like, I don't know, 13. Caffeine
sensitivity, I think I'm probably quite
low. How many hours do I sleep? I sleep
like 89 hours. And there you go. You can
see this annual ROI is 84, guys. Where
do I freaking stand? So, you get the
idea here. This is all done by Deepseek
at a fraction of the rate and there's
just one example that we could use
within DeepSeek. And obviously if you
want the source of how to build websites
like this and actually publish them
online and host them, I'll put my
website masterclass so you can check
that one out when you get your own
homelander coffee. Now obviously if you
want to use a free model you can come
over to openroo.ai create a brand new
API key here for example. Then once
you've got that, come back over to
anti-gravity and you just say, "Hey,
instead of using DeepSseek V4, I want
you to default to a series of free
models within Open Router. Use the ones
that try not to rate limit me and cycles
through any of the free models. Please,
here is my API key." And effectively
once you restart and follow the
instructions, we've now got all of these
free models. Quentry coder, Nvidia,
Needron 3 Super, and it would cycle
through. Now you'd be doing the exact
same thing that we're doing with
Deepseek, but instead of DeepSeek, we're
using a free model or any other model
that we want to. Now, the other thing
that I would love you to do if you
haven't integrated chat GPT 5.5 and
Gemini into your Claude system,
definitely check out this video on
screen where I show you the full system.
But where this goes from good to out of
this world is what we can do now is the
following, which is this. Hey there,
what I'd like you to do is to tag in GPT
5.5 codecs to review the code to improve
it in any way and just make sure that
it's actually working perfectly. Now,
what's cool about this is this leverages
your existing chat GPT plus subscription
and you can use dozens of these
different things. In that video, I show
you exactly how you set it up. It's
super straightforward and we can tag in
the best model, which means we get free
reviews essentially from chat GPT, which
in many respects is kicking butt right
now as a model. This will now bring in
codeex. Again, I'm doing it in the claw
chat here, but it work just as easily in
DeepSeek. We can bring in any model that
we want to. So, with that in mind, now
that's the full pipeline, right? claw
for design, deepseat for the heavy
lifting, and then codeex for the review.
But where does it really fall down as a
model? And what's important to know?
Well, first of all, you promise go to
China. So again, no tenment square
questions. And again, bear in mind about
naked text. Second of all is UI taste.
It is not great at UI. The one caveat I
found is if it's already within an
existing UI framework like you saw, I
thought that did really well personally.
So I think it's good for adding
additional things within frameworks but
don't use it as your first design
artist. It's no kind of uh Michelangelo
if you like. And uh also the the the
rate is very very cheap but there's a
promo now. So instead of getting 100
times cheaper it might be slightly less
than that. So what should I be doing if
I'm right now? Well basically if you are
corporate do not use this because again
there's a corporate database. If you're
doing a lot of healthcare finance, so
basically really highly regulated stuff,
just keep DeepSeek out of the picture a
little bit. You wouldn't want to put it
near your, you know, burning bludging IP
that's changing the planet or like all
the healthcare data. But look, if you're
a solo dev using cloud credits on
projects, if you're learning CL code
workflows, if you're building open
source stuff or prototyping hardware
throw scripts, this is freaking awesome
for reducing down your costs. Claude for
the hard stuff and then tag in obviously
chat GBT to do the reviews. Now,
Deepseek is reducing our cost, but we
now need to increase performance, which
we can do by using super skills by
watching this video right